6 Minute English from BBC Learning English.comHello, this is 6 Minute English from BBC Learning English. I'm Neil. And I'm Beth. Plastic is for...is fantastic. This phrase was used a lot in the 1950s when mass produced plastic items started to becomestarted to become part of our everyday lives. The following decades saw a revolution as plastic became the most commonly usedused material in modern life, found in everything from cars to furniture to packaging.quick look around and you'll soon see how many everyday items contain plastic. But now our love of plastic is being questioned.being questioned, mostly thanks to climate change and pollution caused by single use plastics, plastic products which are designed to be used.designed to be used just once before being thrown away. 11 million tonnes of plastic waste are dumped into our oceansoceans every year. It's believed that single-use plastics make up 40% of all plastic pollution globally.What's more, it's not just land and water being polluted. Tiny plastic pieces known as microbeadsbeads have even been found inside the human body and can be passed from mother to child through breast milk.And because plastic comes from fossil fuels, the process of making it creates problems at every stage, from burning coal to...to transportation to recycling. In this programme we'll be asking, is it time to live without plastic?And as usual, we'll be learning some useful new vocabulary as well.One reason why plastic became so popular is that it's a very flexible material. It can be formed into different shapes, making it useful.making it useful for keeping food fresh or holding liquid. Originally, plastic was invented to replace the decreasing supplyincreasing supply of natural materials like metal, wood and glass. So which items did plastic first replace?A. Snooker balls. B. Shopping bags or C. Hairbrushes. Hmm. I guess the first thing to be made of plastic was...plastic was a hairbrush.of chemistry at Penn State University in the US and a specialist in plastic pollution.2017 research into microplastics in rivers led to the US Congress banning microbeads. Here she explainsHere she explains the problem of plastics to BBC World Service programme, The Real Story.is synthetic and as a consequence of that, nature doesn't really know what to do with it. Like a paper bag that's sitting on the side of the road.on the side of the road. It's unsightly, but within weeks there are organisms in the soil that can use that paper bag as a food source, right?right, they have evolved to basically chew up that paper bag and turn it back into soil, turn it back into carbon and nitrogen.and then nitrogen and oxygen. But with regard to plastic, because it is a synthetic material, you don't have that evolution. There are a lot of things that are really important to us. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question. And I think that's a great question.There are some organisms that can use it as a food source, but there are few and far between, especially when you're talking about water.about water systems, aquatic systems, and the temperatures that exist. And so they can't really use it as a food source. So plastic doesn'tPlastic doesn't biodegrade and... Plastic is a synthetic material, meaning that it's made by combining man-made chemicalschemicals instead of existing naturally. Natural materials like paper decay and harmlessly turn back into soil.back into soil. They biodegrade. But plastic is not like this. It doesn't decay and get broken down by microbes.by microbes and bacteria. In fact, some plastic eating microbes and bacteria do exist, but these are few and far between.between. They're rare. They don't happen very often.see in the environment, waste which is often unsightly, meaning ugly and unpleasant to look at. Fortunately, help is at hand.The plastic eating microbes Neil mentioned, especially one called Rodoccus ruba, have been tested by scientists.scientists and seem capable of breaking down plastic into its basic components. What's also needed is an emphasisemphasis on reducing plastic production, especially packaging and other single use products, rather than simply recycling.cycling. Action like this should help plastic achieve its original purpose to help preserve not pollute unnatural results.natural resources. And speaking of the origins of plastic, isn't it time to reveal the answer to your question, Neil?I asked you which object made of natural materials was the first to be replaced by plastic. You said it was a hairbrush which was...the wrong answer I'm afraid Beth. In fact the first plastic molding machine was used in 1872 to produce stone.use snooker balls. Okay let's recap the vocabulary we've learned from this program starting with single use plastics.plastics, plastic products which are designed to be used just once before being thrown away.particles found in products like toothpaste and body scrubs which can enter and pollute rivers, seas and the human body.body. The adjective synthetic describes a non-natural material made by combining chemicals. To biodegrade means to degrade the body.means to decay naturally in a way that is not harmful to the environment.or not happening very often. And finally, if something is described as unsightly, it's ugly and unpleasant.pleasant to look at. Once again, our six minutes are up. Join us next time for more trending topics and useful vocabulary here at the University of London.here at 6 Minute English. Goodbye for now! Goodbye!belearningenglish.comyou