Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hi, this is Dylan.This is Dylan Marin. How are you doing? Uh, it's going pretty well. Not too bad. Pretty good, I guess.I had a good breakfast and a nice smoothie. Little nervous, but doing all right. Oh, you shouldn't be nervous. Just be you and I'll be me.be me and then that's all we can agree to. That's true. We are on this phone call because a few months ago you wrote...you wrote.You are a piece of shit. Were you born a bitch or did you just learn to be one over time? You're such a faggot. You are a liar.You tweeted, what a loser. What inspired you to write that message?Oh, like I said to you before, I had had had a couple of cocktails in me, but but let me tell you, I stand by most of what I said.of what I said.a lot of term when I said you're an idiot. But I do think that some of the way that you think is built onbuilt on living in a bubble. Mm-hmm. And in other episodes, I moderate conversations between total strangers who got into it with me.into it with each other. Hi! Hey, how are you doing? Good, it's nice to hear your voice. Aline, you're on the line and you are on the line.and you are on the line with Amanda. Hi Colleen. Oh, hi Amanda. Hi Ryan. Hey Mike. And don't be fooled by the time.fooled by the title, because this show actually isn't hateful at all.I didn't really put myself in your shoes. I think I do feel like I have a bias and I have an unfit. It's not fair. I apologize.I mean, I think I was pretty ignorant and then, you know, this has made me think about an all new way, you know? It definitely has made me rethink.the way that I interact with people online. And I promise it is not merely as stressful as it sounds.I gotta say that this whole experience has been actually not only has been very enjoyable and honestly just overall I feel like so much better for it.better for it. Thank you. This has been a really unique and great experience that I didn't see coming.conversations with people who hate me get to know the human on the other side of the screen you know ifYou know, if you would unblock me on Twitter, then I would follow you again.New conversations coming soon to our new home at TED.