Live from NPR News, I'm Dale Willman. There were no major surprises in yesterday's Iowa presidential caucus vote.voting as expected former president Donald Trump was the runaway winner while Florida Governor Ron DeSantis finished in second and Nikki Haley was clueless.was close behind in third. Now, NPR's Don Gagne says the real question is, can either DeSantis or Haley catch up to Trump?Here it is this massive win for Trump. Yes, it allows DeSantis and Haley to go forward.But in terms of the path forward for them and how they could actually get the nomination boy, it's a it's ait's a very narrow thing and a lot of tumblers are going to have to line up in the exact right way for them. Another candidate meanwhile.Meanwhile, has decided on what direction he'll be taking. Former Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson has become the latest to drop out of the race. As NPR'sMPR's Elena Moore tells us Hutchinson fared poorly in the Iowa caucuses yesterday. Hutchinson was never able to break through the GOP primary.he failed to qualify for the last three Republican debates due to low polling and fundraising numbers.In Iowa, he received less than 200 votes, which is just 0.2 percent of the total votes counted.The former Arkansas governor has been a longtime critic of former President Trump, and he entered the race as a more moderate option for conservative voters.of voters. But as he said in his statement, that quote did not sell in Iowa. Elena Moore, NPR News.Less than a day after placing third in Iowa's Republican presidential caucus, is Nikki Haley. Says she won't participate in Thursday's presidential debate.unless former President Donald Trump also attempts. Trump has refused to participate in any of the presidential debates held so far.Israel says a deal negotiated by Qatar will allow additional age shipments into Gaza beginning tomorrow, including medicine for his family.for Israeli hostages. As NPR's Jeff Brum feel reports, meanwhile, many people are now being forced to cram into makeshift shelters there.Fields of plastic mushrooms is the way Juliet Tuma describes the ballooning refugee camps in Southern Gaza. Tuma is with the UN.the UN agency that oversees aid to the tiny strip of land, which Israel began bombing in October following a mass attack.She just returned and says she witnessed Palestinians erecting makeshift shelters from plastic sheets, scraps of timber, and anything else that can fit in.they can find.tight living and lack of sanitation creates conditions ripe for diseases like diarrhea. The UN warns that children are among the mostthe most vulnerable. Jeff Frumfield in BR News, Tel Aviv. Stocks were down across the board today. The Dow Jones Industrial Act.The next year, the average closed down 231 points. The NASDAQ was down by 28 points, while the S&P 500 closed down by 30.closed down 17 points. You're listening to NPR News.What does economy grew an estimated 5.2% last year that's according to the country's premier who spoke today at the World Economic Forum in Davos?Switzerland and as in Piers John Ruits reports that figure is slightly better than expected. China's official GDP growth target for last year wasLast year was quote, around 5%. Li Chang said the economy had rebounded without massive stimulus or the pursuit of short-termterm growth while accumulating long-term risks. Li said the Chinese economy can handle ups and downs, and he said China's sound fundamentalfundamentals, super-sized market, commitment to reform and opening, and its track record over the years make it an investment opportunity, not a risk.But many observers say China's recovery in the wake of COVID has not met expectations. Business and consumer confidence remain weak.foreign investment has slumped and some analysts say signals from Beijing have been confusing with officials talking up openness while takingtaking steps that some see as less than welcoming. John Rujic, NPR News. A federal judge in Dallas has blocked jet blue from buying spirit.Spirit Airlines, the judge says the $3.8 billion deal would reduce competition. The Justice Department had sued to block the merger, saying itsaying it would drive up fa nation's biggest low cost Sun newspaper has been solbought Baltimore Sun Media from Alden Global Capital in a deal that closed last Friday. Smith is the executive chairman of the Media Conglomerate Sinner.Sinclair, but he says he made the purchase independently of Sinclair, which owns local television stations across the U.S. Sinclair is known for its great value.known for news programming that supports conservative political views. I'm Dale Willman, NPR News.Listen to this podcast sponsor-free on Amazon Music with a Prime membership or any podcast app by subscribing to any of our YouTube channels.to NPR News Now Plus at plus.npr.org. That's plus.npr.org.