Novavax is a global leader in vaccine development and research. The company is working to make safe and effective vaccines available.to help protect those who need them around the world. Novavax is also collaborating with leading organizations across the global of access.vaccines landscape, including research institutions, government agencies, foundations and industry to help ensureEnsure access and increase uptake of vaccines worldwide. Learn more at www.novavax.com.This is scientific research.Scientific American Science, quickly on Jeff Del Vicio. Quantum and Cryptography. Those two words might strike fear.year in the minds of the uninitiated. But in February's issue with Scientific American, we have a story about how they're colliding. Here to walk us through is a story about the scientific and scientificroute is Kelsey Houston Edwards. Kelsey is a mathematician and journalist. She formally wrote and hosted the online show PBS Infinite Series.And she wrote this month's story, called Tomorrow's Quantum Computers Threaten Today's Secrets. Here's how to protect them. Welcome to the show.Welcome to ScienceQuickly, Kelsey. Thank you. Thanks for having me. Okay, let's jump right into this mathematical quantum tension. How is quantum-quantum computing an issue for cryptography. So cryptography is the art of sending messages in a way thatthat someone in between cannot read them, that only the sender and receiver can read them.is done right now. And the first one is a sender and receiver have the same key and they use that key to lock andand unlock a box, and the message is securely locked in the box in between. The problem with this type of cryptography is thatthe sender and receiver of the secret message need to have the same key beforehand. It doesn't work if the sender and receiverhave never spoken before. So if you want to securely send your credit card information to maybe a clothing store online,that you have no prior contact with, you don't have that secret key with them. You need to use something that's called publicpublic key cryptography that's done entirely in the open, and it's always done between two parties with no prior communication.And that type of cryptography at the heart of it are very hard math problems. And quantumIf a quantum computer were to solve the veryvery hard math problems that are at the heart of public key cryptography, then the cryptography wouldn't work.work. It wouldn't be secure anymore. And we rely on it to send information in many, many, many contexts in the modern world.I think on that point about using it to send information, you know, this public key cryptography It's kind of an invisible system for mostmost people. You don't think about it. You mentioned, you know, purchasing, making a purchase at an online clothing store. How deeply doesencryption go like what kinds of systems like what kinds of is it all all data basically public key cryptography is all over theover the place. It is in many, many, many systems that you use every single day. But I think most cryptographerswould tell you that if cryptography is working well, you don't know that it's happening. It's happening behind the scenes. And if everything goes well, you will neverknow what is happening. It's only when cryptography fails that we really hear about it. So for example,every time that you start an online transaction with your bank or anywhere else that secure many other kind of video messages.messaging services, things like that. Every time you start it, they're going to do a public key cryptography transaction, essentially.And they're going to exchange this private information in a public way. When you log into your bank, it's alsoalso used to verify that information is coming from a reliable source so when your phone upupdates when it says, please download this new update. You want to make sure that that is really coming from Apple or whatever otherother company owns your phone. And the reason you can be sure that information is coming from a reliable source is public key.cryptography. So basically it's baked into everything we do these days. Yeah. Public key cryptography, you're using mini-mixer.many times a day. And so the prospect of losing that security, you talked to a bunch of experts in the field about this.What is the world without this look like? I think most experts don't genuinely feel that we will have a world without this look.without this cryptography. Because quantum computers can break this type of cryptography,only larger quantum computers than we have right now. This is a problem about larger quantum computers in the future.And we know how to solve it. We actually have new kinds or alternative kinds. Actually, many of them are not new, but alternative kinds are new.of public key cryptography that quantum computers cannot break, or at least we don't know how to break them with a quantum computer.So we know the solution to this problem. We know how to change our systems.that a quantum computer is not the threat that it is. But changing systems is very, very hard. There are a lot of things that are very, very hard.a lot of people and institutions working to shift everything over. But that's a very long and slow process.us. The hope is that it will happen before quantum computers can really break our cryptography.on that the sort of timeline to this. For somebody who's sort of been ramble enough, it reminds me of a thing that used to beexist, which was this sort of specter of massive disruption in crash in the Y2K bug, which was a software issue.issue in 2000 where all these old computers which had been coded with the date as two digits not four.in terms of the year to save space because computers were large but also not great with storage.storage when that was supposed to roll over to the year 2000, there was an assumption that everything would sort of fall apart. That didn't happen.Um, largely. Um, but now we have this thing called Y2Q. So could you tell us a little bit about what that is?is, is it just kind of a fun way to talk about this new thing? So a security, information security company?company sort of came up with this idea of Y2Q year two quantum as an analogy with Y2K.It's not as precise because we don't know when a quantum computer will come. We knew exactly when the year 2000 would come.But we don't know when there will be a large enough quantum computer to break cryptography. But they're trying to point out...that we should be looking forward to that date whenever it is, and we should be making all of our changes.is now before that. We should be concerned, especially because there's this uncertainty about when a large enough quantum computer would be able to use the computer.computer will be built. And we should be making changes now. There's an additional reason toto change cryptography now before the problem arises. And that's because a future quantum computercomputer could retroactively decrypt messages that are sent now using standard cryptography.of today, the things that your computer is doing right now. That's not such a concern in many applications. For example, if you send youryour credit card number online if a quantum computer is invented or a large enough quantum computer is invented.20, 30 years from now. You probably have a different credit card number, so that's probably not a concern. But...hospitals are storing medical records or sending medical records using this kind of cryptography.governments are sending national security very highly classified information using this kind of cryptography.And that information, you probably want to be secret for more than 20 or 30 years. So it's kind of alarming that in time,in 20 or 30 years you could decrypt anything that's sent securely now. So we want to really change over these systems.systems now to keep things secure for the long term. Do you get a sense of where a computer is?computer like that might be built. Is it on the horizon? Are there candidates out there? Are there rogue governments building?building large quantum computers? Yes, there is of course this possibility that someone somewhere has a quantum computer andto solve these problems, but that seems very, very unlikely. I think most experts feel that we werewe would know about such a thing. When you ask experts in quantum computing, what will a future quantum computer look like and what is the time limit?timeline, their answers are quite varied and often include a lot of uncertainty. But I think that uncertainty isis part of what makes cryptographers nervous. Cryptographers need to prepare for quantum computers and even the experts in quantum computing.quantum computing can't exactly tell you when it's coming and how. So that uncertainty makes the issue all the more important.important to address right now. It's a system that pretty much holds up our digital society as it exists, so probably reasonableand worry there. Yeah. There is movement to change these things. So right now, the National Institute for Standardsthan technology, NIST is standardizing new types of public key cryptography, which will be...implemented in the future in all systems that may take a long time but they will be implemented and we hope that those.new types of public key cryptography cannot be broken by a standard computer or a quantum computer. But there's actually never a single problem that's been solved.a guarantee in cryptography. No one knows for sure that those are secure. So it's always a little bit of a cat and mouse game.game with cryptography.incredibly important everything. So thank you for reporting on it. It's really fascinating. And if you want to learn even more about quantumcryptography in the coming issues. Read Kelsey's story in the February issue of the magazine, where you can also learn more aboutBob, Alice, and Secret Brownies. I'm just going to leave that there and let you figure it out. ScientificAmerican.com. Kelsey, thanks so much for-for coming on the podcast and talking to us about it. Yeah, thanks for talking to me. Kelsey Houston Edwards is a mathematician and journalist she formally wrote and hostedof the online show PBS Infinite Series. Signs quickly is produced by me, Jeff DelVisio, and Taleeca Boas. Like and subscribewherever you get your podcasts. And for more science news, go to ScientificAmerican.com. For Science Quickoo, this is Jeff DelVisio.NOVAVACs is a global leader in vaccine development and research.The company's Maxine technology is built on a protein-based platform and combines the power of a well-understood approachwith an innovative nanoparticle technology. It is intended to help protect against some of the world's most pressing viral diseases.Because protecting one of us can help protect all of us. Learn more at www.novavax.comwww.SexPositions.com