Thanks for watching!Hey, welcome back. I'm Keith Berry. I'm John Linkove and I'm Mike Monticello.I'm really excited this week because we were talking about a card that people have been waiting to hear about for a long time And then they've been talking about a lotBut ever since it hit the market, it is the new Chevy Blazer EV. So this car was in the news for a long time.for a long time before it even hit the market. It was on GM's new EV platform, which is called Oldcalled Ultium and it basically, GM gave it a fancy name for the battery and the underlying design of the car it shared with the Lyric. It's basically what's going to underpin...underpin every GM EV going forward. So this is kind of a first taste of that technology from the mainstream Chevy brand. It's anIt's an SUV. So we bought one after a long wait. We finally got it. We brought it back and oh boy, it is not full.not fully baked. Yeah, that or the Cadillac lyric, right? Yeah, yeah, we'll get to that one another week. But so first of all, there's a lot of people who are not familiar with the word, but I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think it's a good question. I think itthere's a stop sale on it as of right now. So if you even wanted a buy- That's never good. No, that's not good. That's not good.We'll get to that later, but we have been driving ours, because we got ours before the stop sale. A lot of other automotive journalists have had issues with their cars.of theirs. John, you spent some time in it. What are some of the glitches you've encountered?Yeah, I mean, it's hard to start out in a car and you're just like, bang it. Just hit it with a stick. Yeah. So drive it.Driving it, the issues I have with software with the infotainment system and the gauge cluster and the dash display. So.So flickering screens, screens that wouldn't just flicker, but they would repeat. So you would have like a cycle of images just.rotating through you couldn't touch you couldn't it's all touch screen almost I mean almost every control is to this is operate through the Screen so you couldn't get to ato a home you couldn't change that it was affecting the heads up display it was affecting the gauge cluster where you would just have have things rotate through one side of the the three parts of theparts of the gauge cluster in front of you. So that was really the key thing that I experienced. So you're stuck in a real...on a radio station for example or you're stuck trying to edit a map, a destination and since it doesn't use...Apple CarPlay, that's Android Auto, you know you're forced to use the system, the Google system that's there.So it's not as if like, oh, I could flip up the phone. I could prop the phone. Yes, not perfect, but if you're lost, you could at least maybe...maybe you're running the phone already, you know, is mirroring it. No, you're not mirroring anything there. So you're using the system and it's not working or you can't edit it.So just all that's happening while you're going on volume was allowed, you know, or that was the biggest thing is that it's just like how does that work?How is that delivered? Like how is it such a software issue and delivered that way? But even when it is working, so this is the first, this is the first,This is the first kind of new vehicle from GM. They've come out and said, we're not gonna put car play or Android Auto in our cars. No mirroring on your phone.on your phone anymore. It's all going to be built in. And in some vehicles like Rivian and Tesla, especially with EVs, that's kind of a good thing you get a state of...state of charge, you can find charging stations and plan your route for it. I found that the software that was in there...for all the fanfare, the software when it worked felt kind of half-baked. You couldn't put in destinations sort of ahead of you.ahead of time and have it suggest chargers. You had to be kind of low on battery on the road and then search for it. That button to hit for to search for afor a destination was teeny tiny. I mean there are all kinds of like little things that the menus behind the steering wheel. Right.You were telling me that the buttons go in different directions? Yeah, so I mean to the first thing with your talk about navigation, it's a really tiny search field.So, you know, you're driving, you're in the driveway, okay? You know, you want to put in, enter it because you couldn't do while driving. It's tiny. It's finding this little feel.little field to click to finally open up the- It's a huge screen! It's a giant screen. To finally open up the large keyboard to type it in is- it's maddening why a screen-a screen maybe this wide has a box about that big. Just a very odd oversight in that there's a buttonThere's buttons on the back of ours that on the left side of this rear steering wheel, it controls the presets up and down. And on the right side, there's the rear steering wheel.the right side's volume. And on the front, on the right side, it's a button that will control presets as well. And the back left and the front right work in opposite. So downSo down is up on the, you know, if you're looking at the screen, for example, you have, you know, let's just say you have, you know, a station number 34 station 35 state.station 36. Using this it'll go down but using the bat the buttons behind the same button will make it go up. It makes no sense why.The front and the back work in opposite directions like how did that how did that pass or and it's not exclusive to the blazer either It's GM's newnew software. I think just the lack of Apple CarPlay alone might be enough for me to not buy a car. Same here. We've gotten so used to it, obviously we're in new cars all theall the time but now it's to the point where pretty much every test car we get into we're gonna immediately either plug it in or or sync it with with carplay orour player Android Auto and they work great. Why would you change, right? Yeah, but do you know what I mean? Like it just, if people love them and they're easy to use and we're used to it.I think for me, I just, I don't think I would want to even buy it if it doesn't have that. Or it's a rental car, you get into it, and all of a sudden you have to learn this.this new, I realize we're in a unique situation where we're swapping your cars, but at the same time if you can have everything on your phone, why repI replicate all that processing power poorly on it. If it worked better. At the whole point of Android Auto and Apple.Apple CarPlay is you're very used to your phone. Why not put that same interface up on the screen? And you're logged in constantly, you're not worrying about that. So, I mean, the system,system wants you to log in for Spotify, wants you to log in for this, wants you to log in for every app. And it goes almost to the consumer reports, beingbeing of America, you know, what the fee type of thing that we worked at and you could find on consumerreports.org. And since then, everybody wants to monetize every darnDarn thing out there and GM thinks that they're gonna pull in a ton of money through this I hope that the incremental money that they get from that is able to offset theupset the fact that people like you or someone else will just say, well, I'm not going to buy your car. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, aside from that, I mean, charging it. You know the it does not charge it charges more quickly than then some of the vehicles out there more faster than the BC 4xFaster than the leaf faster than the aria aria aria aria nisan aria. Yeah, and um, but aslower than the Hyundai and Kia vehicles and slower than some, you know, obviously, and this is an expensive, this is an expensive vehicle.Yeah. Ours was about $60,000 for a blazer. The interior feels like a $35,000 blazer.It doesn't feel like, yeah. Yeah, it's definitely not up to $60,000 levels of quality.And you know, the Cadillac Lyric isn't that much more money and it's considerably nicer inside. It also drives better too. Like you said, we'll get you that in ato that in another podcast, but there is that to think about as well. And there's some things about this, just the stiff ride alone.It's way too stiff. And when you think about like just, I think most customers would give up some body weight.body roll because it goes through corners in terms of body roll stays very flat like that part they got Uh, but then there's also this suit like maybe the mostmost vague steering I felt in years in a car. Like it just tells you nothing about what the car is doing. So it stays flat, but you don't really know what the front end's doing.doing, but I think customers would give up some body roll to get a more comfortable, you know, ride. And it also makes their suspensionsuspension noises, as you encounter bigger bumps, and there's just way too many hard hits come through, I think, and it just makes itIt makes it feel unrefined. It's also, you know, it has 288 horsepower, but it weighs a little over 5,200 pounds. So it's...It's for an EV, it's just not that speedy feeling. We're so used to EVs and again, we're not normal. We are in all kinds of EVs.I mean, we're really not normal, but we're also, yeah, but it doesn't feel that fast, you know what I mean? We're used to this, whoa.you just don't get that with this thing. And I can live with that in the sense of this belief like, well, EVs have to have to be fast because they have to get people in.People in and if you're not fast, people aren't gonna buy like, no, no, no. You know, we don't need every car to be Ferrari-esque. You know, it's, you know, we don't need...don't need every card to be a 0-60 monster. Actually, if it's better for the battery and it's better for range, like, let's back off on that.off on the fact, I'm okay with some of the Audi and Volkswagen ones, for example, and that they just don't have that snap off the line, you know, that we've seen from aseen from other view and I'm good with that. But don't market it as an RS and market it showing that it's fast and that it's really in reality.reality it's not. Well and it's more than that even though it's like I'm agree with the kind of EVs that try and snap your neck off the line.off the line, you don't need that. And this is very smooth actually. There are some good things, and we should talk about these good things. Absolutely.what a good job they did with the tuning of the accelerator pedal which of course if you're doing one pedal driving that accelerator pedal tuning is nownow deceleration as well. And it did a really good job on that. You can, if you pay some, have some consciousness about the one-peller.one pedal driving. And what I mean by that is you can't just let off the accelerator pedal. We're so used to doing that, but you can't do that with an EV if you're in one pedal driving. But if you if you're in one pedal driving, but if you if you're in one pedal driving, but if you if you're in one pedal driving, but if you if you're in one pedal driving, but if you if you're in one pedal driving, but if you if you're in one pedal driving, but if you if you're in one pedal driving, but if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you if you ifIf you use a little bit of concentration, you can drive this car pretty smoothly. And for the most part, come to a stop without even having to use the brake pad.brake pedal, but back to the power. While it's fine to be smooth and not that rip your neck off the line.the line when you're like 60 miles an hour and above and you punch it that's when you do notice that this is only 280 horsepower trying to move a pretty heavy vehicle.have to be a player. And there's not the ability to mode change easily. It's all in the screen. There's one thing if it's a...if it's a button on the steering wheel, you know, which one, just like you would have with regenerative, you know, you can adjust the regeneration, etc. It's real easy when it's not, when it's a screen.screen when it's this one's a flyout that defeats the purpose just because you can put it there and have a very clean interface doesn't mean you should do thatCan we speak about one more thing about dynamically is the brakes? Oh yeah, they're good. These might be the...the easiest to operate friction brakes, meaning not forget the one pedal drive in a second, the actual brake pedal when you step on it, it feelsfeels normal. And we're seeing most EVs, there's either some smudging this or when the regenerative braking comes on, it comes on too strong and you have toand you have to constantly modulate. These are maybe the best ones I've ever driven. And so you gotta give them credit for that. They really did get some things right, but they also got some things.really wrong. Yeah, I mean I drove this in stop and go traffic and I really did appreciate that but I still couldn't wait to get out of the car because I'm not sure if I could get out of the car because I'm not sure if I could get out of the car because I'm not sure if I could get out of the car because I'm not sure if I could get out of the car because I'm not sure if I could get out of the car because I'm not sure if I could get out of the car because I'm not sure if I could get out of the carBecause things just I couldn't I couldn't find things that I needed to find I spent enough time with it that I that I felt like I should haveI should have known this, been able to figure it out. If I could jump in one thing, just to follow up what you're talking about as far as one pedal driving,I mean, I drove on a lot of windy roads through the, and for people who are in Connecticut, the West Hartford to Simsbury to Avon area to go to the West Hartford.going hiking and very easy to drive these winding roads with one pedal. That's not always a type, the thing with with some EVs. Right. SometimesSometimes you really have to concentrate. You really have to concentrate, you know, or just take the mode off completely and drive like a traditional vehicle. So I mean, again, to hit that, yeah, really.It's when they drive one pedal when you're on the highway and it works or in town and it's very slow speed This worked very well following someone who is in a regular caryour car, a conventional gas power car. Right. Yeah, and some of these things are things they're going to be able to fix through software update.There I hope there are there are a few things I mean, you know, maybe even the num steering they could honestly They might even be able to fix that through software update a couple ofcouple of other things. I mean something I noticed, the place where the USB charging ports were located. I know there's wireless charging.was charging, but if you have more than one person, you might want to plug it in. And there's this big, deep sort of chasm between the two seats.with a sliding door on the top, and that's where the USB chargers are, and if you plug it in, you can't...You can't close the door because the USB ports are just like a quarter of an inch too high. And I tried it with different cables.There was no way around it. If you'd slam into the cables and break them, you couldn't close it. Why couldn't they move it a quarter of an inch? A half?A half an inch, I mean, that's just that attention to detail. What cable were they using that it didn't cause a problem? And please sell that. Yeah, sell it with a car.Because there's a issue there. And if we're talking about controls and stuff like that, Yeah. Where the emergency flashers button is, is,is ridiculous, it's dangerous, right? The emergency flashes button is there in an emergency that you should, that's why some automakers make them like, they're like,They're like this large in the center of the screen bright red button. This one is way up here with like the other SOS buttons and everything. And it's.and it's small and you should never have to look up to press your emergency flashes. That's crazy and dangerous. It's a bad trend, a lot of.I mean, I know we're stepping off the car, but where I'm stepping off the car, I've seen that trend a lot. A lot of automakers, they're hiding it and it's tiny. Right.understand again why it has to be like that. It's if someone's not buying your car because of that aesthetic then that's on them not on theon the auto manufacturer. They should be making something that's reachable and readable, especially in an emergency. Yeah. Now, to go back to that wholeto that whole stop sale thing. So after a bunch of reports of issues with this vehicle from a bunch of folks,Edmunds had some issues, Kevin Williams at Inside EVs had some issues. Reddit is all over. Oh yeah, the forums.The norms for this car are interesting to take a look at. So GM put a stop sale. You can't buy it at the dealers. They're coming out with a software fix.They didn't say when the software fix would be, but when we reached out to GM, thank you, John, they did say that the software problems were not related to theto the Google built in or the Ultium design. So the two kind of pillars of this car, they said it has nothing to do with that. Okay.They, and they said, you know, we're aware that a portion of owners have had some software issues or teams working quickly to roll out a fix and owners will be confident.be contacted with further information on how to schedule their update and GM apologizes for the inconvenience. We're going to get it done as soon as possible.as soon as we possibly can. Just, it's just, I mean, that's your statement and okay. I mean, thank them.them, thank you to GM for telling us, they give that information. But between reports of slow charging and...and the entire interface not working. And it feels rushed too in a lot of different ways. So when we bought ours.I know you had to deal with rice. So the back seats, the seat belt buckles were sort of tucked. It was, it's like...It's like an old New York taxi cab ride stuff the the seatbelt buckles behind the seats But they were like that when we picked up the car right and that's somethingsomething someone's supposed to catch, right? That's something someone should have caught at the assembly line for sure. The dealership should have caught.to have caught it, even our mechanic Mike Crossen, you know, who's on the show, he said he should have caught that in check-in as well. But that's thebut that's not his fault, right? I mean, and- It's none of the consumer to make sure the car has seat belts. Well, that's what he said. He said, and I can't begin to explain to you how difficult it is.difficult it was to pull these receptacles out of the seat. And we're not talking, it's normal for it to be pushed down a little bit, right? This was, I had thehad to pull the seat fabric back and and try and bend this rubber part of the of the buckle up. I mean I worked so hardso hard on two of them because I realized I'm driving around a long weekend with people in the back and they're like, where's the where the seatbelts? I'm like, just grab them. You know, they're just down.just down in there and they weren't right so I felt terrible they were didn't have seatbelts I was able to get two out of the three out and myand Mike Crossin got the third one out. And he said he's just never seen that. But he also said during check-in, while he didn't notice that, and he doesn't, but that's what he said.but that's an oversight on his part. He also found some other issues. He said, he noticed that the carpet under the pedals was bunched up.He pulled it back and the sound padding was like wadded up and it was clearly meant to go up the firewall andand around the steering column hole in the firewall. And so he had to drop the dash panel and then install it. And he said, it didn't look like anyone had ever seen a steering column hole in the firewall. And so he had to drop the dash panel and then install it. And he said, it didn't look like anyone had ever seen a steering column hole in the firewall. And so he had to drop the dash panel and then install it. And he said, it didn't look like anyone had ever seen a steering column hole in the firewall. And so he had to drop the dash panel and then install it. And he said, it didn't look like anyone had ever seen a steering column hole in the firewall. And so he had to drop the dash panel and then install it.anyone had been in there, it was just never installed correctly from the factory. So I mean, there's some egregious things with this car that I think areI think owners would be pretty upset about. So I mean, we're putting our break in miles on it now. If you want to go to cr.org and read our first drive,drive on it, you can hear more about some of the issues that we had and the little sort of annoyances and some of the good things too.The range, the driving range is pretty good. Yeah, yeah. And also, I just, you know, back to kind of controls. You open the door, there's a door.There's a, it shows giant like icons, what the current battery state of charge is, what you're predicted driving range is.There's a lot of EVs, they don't make it so obvious when you open the door on the instrument. Normal door handles, for example. Yeah, but aren't some of the things... A giant charging door.door that feels very flimsy and it's interesting we got some ice and snow here. I'm curious as to howis to how which are to hold up. There's like a step forward and a step back. So it's not going to be, for example, visibility.His ability is a little off. I mean, it's got massive A-pillars. It has a sloping roof. It goes back to a very steep slope.steeply sloped rear window that's small but has a rear wiper which unlike many EVs and the Cadillac Lyric has a rear wiper But of course the rear wiperis about this tall. It's like from an old GM. Oh, you mean it's tiny. It's tiny. So it's a hoistule wipe for the uh, for the headlamp.It's like an old Mercedes Benz headlight wiper. It has like a tiny little window of dirt away. Yeah, it goes like this. So it's maybe this much of a space that you're looking for.looking through it fits right between the head restraints. But it's this kind of, it just makes you wonder again, how do these things get through?through. The rear seat's really comfortable. As long as you have a seat belt, it's really comfortable. As long as there's actually pretty good room back there.That's pretty impressive. I personally didn't find the front seat that comfortable. It's just lack some, you know, leg support.and I ended up having to, at least you can tilt the, you know, leading edge of the bottom cushion up. I had to tilt it all the way up to its max to feel like my legs weren't just sprained.playing out whenever doesn't really have a pocket. No, it doesn't have a sit on it. Yeah, yeah, which is kind of a bummer and for you know an RS or whatever you'd expect that this is aI mean, it looks like it would be a pretty hot car to drive. It's just, yeah, I thought it was gonna be like New Pony car award, like a Mach-E and the thing.the blaze, you know, whatever, the, you know, Cameras going away, is it the blazer? But, it's the other thing too, the entry level version is the one LT.LT, well, that's delayed. So this is no longer, when it was first pitched, it was sort of a semi-affordableaffordable SUV from a mainstream brand and now it's kind of it's it's not that it's kind of a wait and seeYou know, we're going to be following ours. We're putting our 2000 break-in miles on it. Heroically, people are braving that no, we're...Braving the... I didn't know you were talking about braving the wind. No, flickering dashboards and everything that comes our way. We're going to...We're going to get that software update done as we always do. We're living with it the same way that everyone else who bought one is living with it.And we're going to test it and we're going to see, which is going to be interesting as well.And we'll have all that information for you at CR.org. And if you sign up for our newsletter, you'll be the first to hear about it when we get there.we get that full published review on this vehicle. On to our audience questions.If you have a question for us, send it to TalkingCarsaticloud.com. And if you want to be like Hal from PA,Pennsylvania, I believe that is. I believe that it is Pennsylvania. Thanks for clearing that up. Thank you. Okay, yep. If you want to be like Hal. The Keystone State.Yes, I've heard that. You can send us a video and Hal sent us his video.I'll send us a video, so let's look away from us and look to how.source for cars 10 or 20 years from now considering the pollution concerns with gas, electrical grid and lithiumlithium supply and disposal issues for EVs and the lack of hydrogen vehicles and infrastructure to support them.that. It's a good question. It's one we get often. We've heard about all these pushes to get electric vehicles, electric vehicles.electrification, they're worldwide. They're not just in the United States. Some of them are at the state level, but it's pretty clear and automakers are telling ustelling us to, these are happening. Asomati, what do you think is gonna be that dominant fuel source 10 years from now?20 years down the road. Yeah, well, first of all, predicting the future is way out of my purview. We've seen your super cool picture. Yeah, this is just not, it's not.is not good. But I think the first question is does Hal mean prevalent fuel source or prevalent type of powertrain? You know what I mean? Like fuel source andand powertrain are a little bit different, like as he's talking, is it going to be prevalent? Gas, hybrids, PHEBs, or EVs, 10 to 20 years down the road. And I think...I think, if that's what he's talking about, I think, yeah, for the next 10 years, you can bet gas powered cars, this is my opinion, is still gonna be the most dominant in terms of new vehicles.sales by a percentage for the next 10 years. Now whether the gas powered vehiclesvehicles will still be prominent by say 2045. I think that's a different story. That's maybe the billion dollar question, right? That if you have toif you have the answer, that's gonna be awesome. But a lot will depend on what this individual states do, right? Like how many states do you have?like how many force the new car sales by a certain time, whether it's 2035 or whatever to be EV and EV.EV and PHEV, we don't know that yet, right? So it's a lot to come. But if you're looking as far as dominant fuel source,I think, you know, oil is going to be the dominant fuel source still for the next at least 10 years, probably 15 years and maybeand maybe longer because look, there's what? 280 million cars on the roads in the US right now. That's a lot of vehicles. And a lot of cars.and a lot of them aren't going away anytime soon. So you're still going to need regular roll gasoline to fuel a lot of vehicles for a long, long time.Yeah, that's just the US. I mean, you know, I mean we can't get the infrastructure in the richest nation in the world You mean for like EVs or EVs?Is it charging infrastructure, infrastructure right or hydrant? I mean, just imagine, I'm just thinking Central America. Just the easiest thing.I mean, areas that are in, you know, political turmoil at times, you know, how are you gonna have people who are relying on third, fourth, fifth,4th-fifth hand car is shipped there from America or from another nation. How are you electrifying that? So I mean, that's why I totally agree with gas.I find interesting Honda just recently announced that the next civics gonna have another natural gas version You know that the Honda andAnd Toyota still kind of play in that that that they're still going on the fuel cell and you know, it certainly fuels fasterIt's a different supply than the electric grid. It's a different type of supply system.system. But I owe like an electric vehicle. But an acyclic electric vehicle, right? A lot of people like right. It's just it's not a battery. It's a gas cell. But it's the same car. Exactly.Exactly. Yeah, exactly. So I could see that really playing up particularly when you get these these eventsevents that get people in a tizzy such as Chicago's Tesla Tesla Tesla you know going the network went down and peopleand people are waiting and you know even at regular chargers now you see people and in rideshare they're taking up the chargers because I mean this they have a they have aThey have a, in the winter, the battery life isn't the same. They're occupying chargers so that they could just do their job. I mean, these issues are going to be a big deal.are going to force people to want to adopt something else. And just, I mean, you also see a lot of countries and also states pulling back a bit on the whole like.like no car, no gas cars ever. Whoa, wait a second. Let's rethink this. Right. It's hard to predict, but I could see the fuel cell world grow.growing. I mean, I think something that's huge is that basically everything should be a hybrid now. I mean, I don't think...We've, 10 years ago, not the case. Is it? Right. But now, every hybrid we test is, almost every hybrid we test is better than the non-hybrid.non-hybrid version, gets crazy good fuel economy. But if there were nothing but a hybrid, like Toyota's doing with a Camry, if there were no choice,choice, but a hybrid. If everything were hybridized across the board, you're going from, you know, 20 miles a gallon of 40. You're going from, you know, 25,000 to 30,000.550 and that's a huge, huge difference. So I think that this idea of pure electrificationand yeah, you're right, cars are gonna be on the road. No one's coming to take your used car. No one's coming to take your gas powered car.that's not happening. So we're gonna have... Except maybe you want your... Yeah, someone might be coming to take my... Yeah, it would be a... One of your older runouts.old Renault, NPR or something would be coming with a charity. Yeah. It's a transition technology, but this is...this is a transitional time. Yep. No one is saying, you go buy an EV right now, but it's happening.So, alright, good answers there. And we could predict the future. That would be awesome. That would be really awesome. That'd be really awesome.I predict we'll have a question from Greg in Manitoba, Canada. Look, here it is. You are amazing. Karnak right here.I'm in a particular commitment with an aging 2013 Honda Accord that is a daily commuter. I love the car, but it's close to 30.close to 300,000 kilometers. So with the used car market so crazy, I'm actually thinking of ordering a new car as no used car.used cars are available on the lot. I'm considering a Toyota Camry hybrid, like we're talking about, but I like the idea of all-wheel drive, which will bewill be available on the 2025 model. Should I wait or should I order a 2024? Any other suggestions? Reliability is important.important to me as well as fuel economy. John, let's say you. So I would research what the wheelwheel fitment is going to be on the 2025 Camry. So tire size and such. Keep his car.Make sure he has snows because he wants all wheel drive and he's in Canada I'm just gonna make the assumption that snow traction is a is a concern. Mm-hmmRun his car until he can get the 2025 with all we'll drive and then you also have a set of snows that will fit on that car So if the if the sameIf the tires fit keep the same tires fit that would be just like it would be a stopgap You know you're getting something I mean I'm assuming as snow tires, but maybe he doesn't maybe just runs all overruns all seasons, but if you're just concerned enough for all we'll drive, then get a set of snows for that. Make sure that they'll, you know, you can find the specs and see what the wheel size is.size they're going to be. And that way you can kind of transition all look, I don't know his daily community. I don't know how far he's, you know, I don't know if he, if it hasif it had, he bought it two years ago and it had 110,000 miles and then he put a ton on, but given the impression.I would try to string it out and get that car that he wants instead of settling for something and then You know put in the snow tires with the new CamryI mean, their all wheel drive system isn't, you know, a mechanical all wheel drive either. I mean, we saw issues with the RAV4 and snow. So I would say that's a good thing.So I would say that getting a hybrid that's going to have some sort of electric all wheel drive system running in the rear wheels and it's going to be a front wheel drive bias.But it snows will help. It's meant to kind of get you out when you're stuck. Yeah. But it's not, it's not, you're not going to be driving a, you know, a wrangler.in 100%. So this would just be like an extra cushion like, okay, now you also have that traction. Yeah. What do you think? So I think theThe easy answer might be something like a Honda CR-V Hybrid and I say that because you can get a well-doll wheel drive It has slightly more round clearance for you knowfor plowing through snow, but Greg seems like a car guy, right? He's in his innocent day and man. Yeah, exactly, so damn many.So I would say honestly go ahead and just get the Honda Accord hybrid right now if you if you'refor me comparing the way the two-motor hybrid system that Honda uses versus what ToyotaToyota uses with their electronic continuously variable transmission. To me, it's, I don't want to say night and day, but a core drives so much nicer.nicer. It's just a nicer driving car than the Camry Hybrid. And if you look at our road test score, that bears out. The Accordionthe Accord hybrid has a higher road test score, not necessarily a higher overall score, but a higher road test score than the Camry hybrid, which means it drives better.So yeah, you can't get it with all wheel drive, but I'd say kind of what you were saying, get a good set of winter tires and your...and you're fine, you're honestly fine. As much as I love the new Hondas, especially those interiors, I just, I think that,I think that the Camry Hybrid is a real, I really like the Camry Hybrid and I'm excited to 2025 refresh. It looks like it's gotten even a little bit better.a little bit better, 180,000 miles, 300,000 kilometers. I know that's kind of like a milestone on there, but or a kilometer stone, I guess.I guess, but it's a big number, but on this car, it's not that big.You could drive this thing for another five years. So don't worry, I mean, the accord is historically in our reliability.and our which cars last the longest. It's way up there. You can hold onto this car for as long as you can. You're not in a rush.So plan and I'd wait I'd wait and get the 2025 it sounds like you really have kind of like thisthis car, stick with your your accord for now and it'll be even more fun when you get into something that you you really really want not something you kind of settled for.So that's what I say. Yeah. Yeah. Wait. Wait, exactly. Team. Wait. Alright. So Greg, I hope that's what you're saying.I hope that I hope you haven't already bought a car and you're listening to this and you're or turned us off Yeah, anyhow, um, if you have a questionsIf you have a question, whether it's in miles, kilometers, please send it along to us at TalkingCars at iCloud.com.Thanks so much for talking cars with us. We'll talk again soon.you