6 Minute English from bbclearningenglish.comHello, this is 6 Minute English from BBC Learning English. I'm Beth. And I'm Neil.I'm Neil. Phew, I've spent a day in meetings, then shopping, then collecting the kids from school. I'm exhausted, Beth.What have you been doing today? Oh, not much. Just sitting around, doing nothing. Relaxing and kicking back. Lucky you.lucky you. Don't you have any work to do? It may not look it Neil, but I'm actually as busy as a bee. If you've seen nature documentaries...Documentaries about worker bees flying from flower to flower, you probably think animals are always on the move. But the surprise is that the animals are not.But the surprising truth is, away from the cameras, most animals spend most of their time doing absolutely nothing at all.In the natural world where finding food and shelter is hard work, why have some animals evolved to do nothing?And if it's good enough for animals, would being lazy work for humans too? That's what we'll be discussing in this programme andprogram and, as usual, we'll be learning some useful new vocabulary as well.to ask you a question, Neil. Of course, some animals have a reputation for lounging about. Lions, for example,For example, can sleep up to 20 hours a day. But what is the slowest moving animal on Earth?Is it A. the giant tortoise, B. the three-toed sloth, or C. the koala?Well, I think it's the three-toed sloth. Okay, Neil. I'll reveal the correct answer at the end of the pr-of the program. Now, it's no surprise that lazy lions love relaxing but even animals with reputationReputations for being busy spend time doing nothing. Look carefully into an ants nest and you'll see aroundaround half of them just sitting there motionless. Here's Professor Dan Charbonneau, an expert in insect behaviour.behaviour, discussing the lazy rock ant with Emily Knight, presenter of BBC Radio 4 programme NatureBang.Dans research has focused on ant colonies, a species called temnothorax regardolus.I think answers are sort of a symbol of like industriousness. You know, they have this whole tiny little society going on that's kind of similar to ours.similar to ours, if some idealized version of what humans might be, if we could only like pull it together and all work together, we could be as industrious as the ends.But then when you look at it, roughly about half the quality is inactive at any given time.We think ants are industrious or hardworking. Groups of ants called colonies seem tiny, perfect societies.societies where everyone works hard for the good of the group.answer is that they're reserve ants ready to step in if disease or disaster strike. But could it simply be that they're not going to be able to survive?Could it simply be that they don't work because they don't need to? Would you get out of bed on Monday morning if you didn't have to?Maybe the ants can teach us a thing or two about relaxing, but wouldn't it get boring just sitting around all day? Not according to the law.according to psychologist Dr Sandy Mann. She thinks being productive, working to produce a lot for the amount of resultsamount of resources we use is overrated. Boredom has its benefits too, as she explained to BBC Radio 4for programme NatureBang.fire, you know, if we hadn't been bored and were wondering what on earth would happen if we mix this with this, you know, are all these sorts of inventions that...But in this world of constant stimulation, switching off is harder than it's ever been.That's why we're constantly swiping and scrolling and looking for the next big thing and the new thing and we get bored of things very quickly. So it's a kind of paradox to...paradox to get rid of this unpleasant state of boredom is actually to allow more boredom into your life. Dr Mann doubts you.and doubts humans would have invented things without the curiosity that comes from being bored. Boredom is the mother of invention.invention. An idea based on the famous proverb, necessity is the mother of invention. An idiom meaning that if you really want to learn something, you can learn it.If you really need to do something, you will think of a way of doing it.benefits by switching off. Stopping, worrying or thinking about something and relaxing, slowing down helps too.helps too, something we can definitely learn from our animal cousins. I think now is a good time to reveal the answer to my question.question since we have nothing else to do.sloth. Was I right? That was the correct answer. With a top speed of 30 centimetres per minute.minute three toed sloths move so slowly that algae grows on their coats. Okay let's recapLet's recap the vocabulary we've learned from this programme, starting with the phrase KICKING BACK, to stop doing things and relax completely.completely. The adjective industrious means hard working. A colony is the name given to a group ofgroup of certain animals including ants and some sea beds.for the amount of resources they use.really need to do something, you will think of a way of doing it. And finally, to switch off means to stop worrying or thinking about something.something and relax.just do nothing. Goodbye for now. Bye!youyou